Yeah, and make sure every. You know, feature is explained in a way they understand where it is. I mean, so I'm, I'm really hoping you can get visual cues or maybe build in, you know, the little floating arrows do it that way. Maybe maybe that would be the best way to do it, just, you know, the little floating arrow takes you Uber to the right side of the screen and you click here and that shows you what this does, and then you click Uber here and that shows you what that does, and you know the little arrow just takes you to where you need to go and you click it and then when you close it, the little arrow takes you to where you need to go next.  Or something like that but in a demo form, you know, or maybe walk straight through live on the site, and that way they go hitting themselves set up in the system, you know, I mean, like an automatic onboarding process that kind of just is explanatory for the whole system as you do it, to at least get them set app in the system you know, I mean, just like, okay, basically the way it's going to be as far as I know is they want me to sit down and walk them through how this works. So what I'm saying is if I sit down and say, okay, y'all I'm going to show you. What I'm doing the first I need to get you, you know, in the system so you can legitimately be in there and then I walk through  Thing.\n Up there, you know there, II don't know if there's something that we could do, but I guess it doesn't matter, because they already have easy access, it's just a matter of getting them to do it, I don't know, I don't know, I'm just brainstorming, trying to think of AA great way to approach this, to make it very make a very strong point in a very nice and easy going way that, you know, if we could just get switched over, it would be super-efficient and everybody would understand what's happening and any communication would be understood.  And as it is, they're still trying new apps and stuff, and I'm just like, I've already made that, I've already made that.So, you know, that's what I'm saying.This has to be pretty comprehensive, but dumb down and easy for short attention spans.But I don't know tell me , you tell me what's the best way to approach it , slideshow , the little hands floating with modales i'm just , I need to make sure it's right when I show it to him i mean, I could say, alright, guys, you know, go to this address and just watch this with me, real quick and they could watch the whole thing. You know, maybe a 5 minute visual slideshow, walk through or something? And then they can always react access it or go to the table of contents and just choose what they want to see again and everything's there tells them how to get to all aspects of this ecosystem except for TLI d that's not part of them so and neither is paint pros or trade. Works, you know what? I mean their ecosystem loom paint loom Pancake, national painting, professionals and their associated tools.  And marketing